It is now time for the private debate. 
The contestants both leave the tent. 
Questions: 
Can they actually fulfill the duties of the Housespeakers while being involved in so many other projects aswell? 
Comment: Lorenz takes responsibilities very seriously. He is always on time and seems to be very helpful. 
His only downside is that he does not drink. 
Another comment about Lorenz: He makes people feel welcome and always tries to make everyone comfortable. He did his job as a floorspeaker in the last semester very well. 
Another comment about Lorenz: He is a very organized guy and can lead, he is helpful and inclusive. He could fit both the roles of Housespeaker and Tutor. 
A Comment about Christian: He invested a lot of time into this and is very involved. Even when he was not a house official he already bombarded the Stuwerk with questions about the Cleaning situation etc. 
Another comment about Chris: He is very ambitious and wants to change things. He is kind of like a little pitbull. If he wants something done he will literally harass the Stuwerk 24/7.
	He is not at every party but he is really there to change something and not just to have a fun time.
Based on the other comment: Some people are very connected. Some people are not that recognized but still do a lot of stuff. 
Lorenz has a lot more connections but Christian seems to do a lot of stuff a little quietly. 
Did they read the Heimordnung? 
How are they planning to cooperate with the Tutors? 
What is the email adress they used to complain about the cleaning situation to the stuwerk? 
Both of the dudes seem to have their shit together gawd damn. We like to see that. 

Answers to the questions: 
Lorenz: I don't think so. You sink a lot of time into these things of course but the events rarely overlap so it is manageable. It is more like a small part time job so it should be fine. 
	He studies history at the moment so it is not that big of a deal right now. 
Christian: It will not interfere it will rather complement. The Verein are the ones that will open the KADE and manage all these things. He is directly at the source. 
	
Have you read the heimordnung? 
Christian: Yes. I studied it thoroughly. He invested a lot of time into this but will invest even more. 
Lorenz: Yes but i will obviously need to look deeper into it. 

Coop with tutors: 
Lorenz: At the moment it is quite difficult because we dont have that much available cash. But he will help the tutors to do their job as best as they can. 
	The income is quite limited at the moment. 
Christian: I am ready to get my hands dirty. The most important thing is of course the Vorbau. He is looking forward to supporting Tutor events with money. 

To sum up the cash situation: It makes us uncomfortable. It is all based on trust and promises from stuwerk. 
We do not know for certain if we will have access the front building.

Please recite the email of the cleaning complaint: 
Christian: wohnen@stwm.de
Lorenz: Cannot tell. 

Votes are now opened!
Results: 
Christian Meyer 34 9 7
Lorenz Erhardt 16 23 11

Christian accepts the vote graciously. 

Voting for the next Drink Shop Operator.
Introduction of Ben Buller: 
He introduces himself as a mechanical engineering student at TUM.
He speaks about how he got an intro to how the shop works from patrick already.
He promises to keep the drinks flowing. 
Will he keep the flötzinger spezi for the 8th floor. 
Yes.
What is your favourite drink? 
Tegernseer.
What are your plans for improvement? 
Steady bulk orders, new stuff etc.
What is your promise on availability for the weekends? 
I dont go anywhere on the weekends. xD
Will you let people know if you are not available on the weekends? 
Google Calendar brah. 
Who is gonna be your backup? 
Patrick, and if he is not available someone else from his floor. 
Is he able to resolve liquidity issues? 
Yes of course. If there are issues with ordering short term. 
Toolbox question: 
Multitool. 
Who will be your best customer? 
5th floor. 

2nd Contestant: Syed Moktacim Billah: 
He is not present. 
Cedric presents his application. 

Results: 
Ben: 32 0 2
Sakhib or whatever the fuck his name is: 23 0 11
Ben graciously accepts the election. 

Secret Debate: 
Comment: It is quite ridiculous to not show up to the election in person. 
Even judging from the application it shows that the guy didn't really put much thought into his application. 
There are a lot of arguments speaking for Ben. 

Elections for the Drink shop operator are now open.


TOP 4 Wahl Stustanet HAusadmins
Michael Loipführer introduces the Stustanet and what it is good for. 
Stustanet provides cloud services for all members. 
As long as you stay a member. There are no additional fees except the 20 euros you pay upfront. 

To elect the house admins we will do an open election. If you are in favour of the candidates please raise your hand. 
The vote was accepted unanimously. We have 8 new house admins. 
The newly elected admins will receive an email in the future to get a nice introduction. 

TOP 5 Vorträge
Sonja: 
Which one of you has heard of the Stustaculum already? 
A lot of people raise their hands. 
Sonja gives a short and sweet introduction to the Studentenstadt and how it is organized. 
They are heavily dependent on volunteers and there is a lot in it for the people that do volunteer and help organize the stustaculum. 
Free entry, free shirts. 
Cedric will get a special shirt just for himself. 
Helpers will also get a neak peek into the backstage, meet all the cool people from stusta and may have a chance to talk to artist etc. 
People can begin to sign up as helpers next monday (most likely). 
They will be informed via mail and whatsapp. You may apply for how many ever shifts you like. 
What do shifts consist of? 
Mostly night shifts. 
There are also a couple of day shifts. Free shots for the people that attend. 

Egon Underground Betreiber Yallah
The fuckin thing will be a student bar very soon. There are some complications right now but they plan on opening this summer. 
They introduce the Egon Underground to the session. 
It will be more like a bar. 
KADE is supposed to be a club, Egon will be a bar mainly. 
They will be looking for some bartenders. 
What's the Bierpreis? xD
They will try to keep in under 2€. 
The Schnklizenz is very expensive upfront. 
They will have to pay for GEZ and employees, music rights etc. Everything needs to be done legally this time, ;(
Fuckin GEMA am i right ladies? 
Do they plan to bring back the Biermeter? 
Maybe maybe not maybe ill go fuck myself.

TOP 6 Werbung
Brotladen is being introduced by Cedric.

TOP 7 Tutoren 
Anne introduces herself and Alba as the Tutors for the house. 
A scavenger hunt is planned in the next couple of weeks.
She wants to make the merch better. Embroidery type shit. Cha cha real smooth. 
Secret assassin, MVC Bike Crosscountry race. 

Sports Tutor of House 6c
You can rent equipment, like volleyballs etc. 
There are various different groups for running, basketball. etc. just hit the guy up, slide in his dms and have a quality time

Chris update von Stusta e.V.
Egon underground has the license, they are allowed to open, but not quite fully yet. 
Stuwerk agreed that parties may also be on other days than what was proposed in their ofiginal draft. 
But they do not have written confirmation yet. 
There are also other institutions int he Stusta: Stusta Alumni, he has a lot of their advertisement cards and passes them around.

Cedric updates the people on the Benefizkonzert. For Ukraine. This Saturday starting 3pm. 
Every helper is still needed. Cedric reminds people to help.

Die Sitzung endet um 21.46


Group Picture in the End !!!
